Add string template section to coding conventions (#9466)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/style-guide/coding-conventions.md

    };
    ```

> ## String templates

Reviewer: Do we need a separate heading for this? Shouldn't it come under "Indentation and line length"?

> * To split a single-line string template and ensure that the number of characters in a line does not exceed the character limit, use one of the following approaches. You can also use string concatenation as an additional option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To split a single-line string template and ensure that the number of characters in a line does not exceed the character limit, use one of the following approaches. Alternatively, you can use string concatenation with strings on multiple lines.
```

    ```ballerina
    string message1 = string `Hello ${

>     name}, Welcome to Ballerina!`;

Reviewer: Indent the second lines.
